hello again everyone that one back once
again with another in my series of deck
reviews and what I have today is a deck
from theory 11 this is a club special
bee stinger back deck from theory 11 and
I guess the only way you can tell it's
theory 11 is the fact they have the
30-11 emblem on the bottom I been
messing with these a little bit and I
must say I'm a bit disappointed because
I compared these two like my dearie 11
guardians and even compare them to other
be decks and I don't like so much the
stock that they used real quick on the
box a box looks like a regular be box
with the exception of the theory 11
emblem on the bottom it doesn't list the
finish like normal be decks heavy
normally have a cambric finish I'm
assuming that this is either either that
or air cushion I am Not sure inside the
deck you have a theory 11 advertising
card you also get a double backer card
and then you have basically a standard
deck with two jokers the two jokers are
the B jokers the rest of the deck is
just a step a typical bicycle deck
that's what it feels like to me it
doesn't have the weight and the
cardstock thickness like a normal theory
11 deck would have I mean they spread
very nice and they also you know they
fan pretty nice and stuff out of the box
I'm assuming that these are probably an
air cushion finish i'm not sure but
nothing really special about these it
just feels like maybe just a normal bike
deck would feel that's your standard ace
of spades that that'd be usually has on
their cards the the indexes appear to be
standard bike indexes the court cards do
have a little bit of color you get a
little bit of red in there and on all
the court cards which is kind of nice
the red court cards have quite a bit of
red actually the black ones are more
toward black so they're kind of keeping
it with the theme there black court
cards a lot of black with a touch of red
the red court cards have a lot more red
and more of a touch of black so that
that is pretty much the extent of this
deck there's really nothing super
spectacular to it it just appears to be
just a normal standard bicycle deck
really with a theory 11 label on it like
I said before the finish is not listed
on there so I don't know what the finish
is but it feels like a normal bike deck
the but the card stock feels a little
bit thinner then a normal theory 11 deck
would feel so that's kind of I don't
know I guess the the jury is kind of out
on that one I don't understand the the
big draw for these if there is a big
draw I got the deck from a skein so I
figured I would do a review on it so
that is the bee stinger back club
specials by theory 11 it's it's an okay
deck it's a bike deck so you know take
that for all it's worth so I want to
thank you very much for watching feel
free to check out my channel I have
other deck reviews as well as card trick
videos and some other assorted card fun
stuff so thanks again for watching and
have a great day